docs: Update keyboard guides for 17.0 project layout (#1368)
keymanapp/help.keyman.com: developer/17.0/reference/file-layout.md

of these files should be included in a git repository.

`build/sample.keyboard_info`
: A [metadata file](/developer/cloud/keyboard_info) detailing the
    keyboard's origin, version, requirements, and capabilities.  

>   This file greatly assists the process of making your keyboard
>   readily available for public download. Please see the
>   [.keyboard_info section](/developer/cloud/keyboard_info) for more
>   details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This file is built automatically by the kmc compiler. Please see
  [.keyboard_info specification](/developer/cloud/keyboard_info) for more
  details.
```
